RHOAIENG-25115: Adding KEDA feature (#893)
opendatahub-io/opendatahub-documentation: modules/configuring-metric-based-autoscaling.adoc

To set up autoscaling for your inference service in standard deployments, you must install and configure the OpenShift Custom Metrics Autoscaler (CMA), which is based on Kubernetes Event-driven Autoscaling (KEDA). You can then utilize various model runtime metrics available in OpenShift Monitoring, such as KVCache utilization, Time to First Token (TTFT), and concurrency, to trigger autoscaling of your inference service. 

.Prerequisites
* You have cluster administrator privileges for your {openshift-platform} cluster.
* You have installed the CMA operator on your cluster. For more information, see link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/{ocp-latest-version}/html/nodes/automatically-scaling-pods-with-the-custom-metrics-autoscaler-operator#nodes-cma-autoscaling-custom-install[Installing the custom metrics autoscaler].
+
[NOTE]
====

> The `odh-controller` automatically creates the `TriggerAuthentication`, `ServiceAccount`, `Role`, `RoleBinding`, and `Secret` resources to allow CMA access to OpenShift Monitoring metrics.

Reviewer: isn't this part of the Prerequisites (point 2) ?

:_module-type: PROCEDURE

[id="configuring-metrics-based-autoscaling_{context}"]
= Configuring metrics-based autoscaling

[role="_abstract"]

> While Knative-based autoscaling features are not available in standard deployment modes, you can enable metrics-based autoscaling for an inference service in these deployments. This capability helps you efficiently manage accelerator resources, lower operational costs, and ensure that your inference services meet performance requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While Knative-based autoscaling features are not available in standard deployment modes, you can enable metrics-based autoscaling for an inference service in these deployments. Metrics-based autoscaling helps you efficiently manage accelerator resources, lower operational costs, and ensure that your inference services meet performance requirements.
```
I'm stumbling a lot over the first sentence. I think it's trying to say that autoscaling isn't available in standard deployment mode, but then we say _metrics-based_ is. Maybe the "while" is throwing me off?
How about something like:
"Knative-based autoscaling is unavailable in standard deployment mode. However, you can enable metrics-based autoscaling for an inference service in standard deployment mode instead."
Not sure if I'm interpreting correctly though, feel free to adjust!

> To set up autoscaling for your inference service in standard deployments, you must install and configure the OpenShift Custom Metrics Autoscaler (CMA), which is based on Kubernetes Event-driven Autoscaling (KEDA). You can then utilize various model runtime metrics available in OpenShift Monitoring, such as KVCache utilization, Time to First Token (TTFT), and Concurrency, to trigger autoscaling of your inference service. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To set up autoscaling for your inference service in standard deployments, install and configure the OpenShift Custom Metrics Autoscaler (CMA), which is based on Kubernetes Event-driven Autoscaling (KEDA). You can then use model runtime metrics available in OpenShift Monitoring to trigger autoscaling of your inference service, such as KVCache utilization, Time to First Token (TTFT), and Concurrency.
```
